Account `auth_method_create` (#10824)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/rfcs/1013-parsec-account.md

```json5
[
    {
        "major_versions": [
            5
        ],
        "cmd": "auth_method_create",
        "req": {
            "fields": [
                {
                    // Auth method can be of two types:
                    // - ClientProvided, for which the client is able to store
                    //   `auth_method_master_secret` all by itself.
                    // - Password, for which the client must obtain some configuration
                    //   (i.e. this field !) from the server in order to know how
                    //   to turn the password into `auth_method_master_secret`.
                    //

>                     // ⚠️ Their can be only a single active `Password` at a time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // ⚠️ There can only be one active `Password` at a time,  

```

Author: :+1: 
(I've also updated in `b/libparsec/crates/protocol/schema/authenticated_account_cmds/auth_method_create.json5`)
